you guys it's Matt here my sister we're
going to play yeah play Connect soccer
and this is on professional oversight
that's what were there not Oh great way
to start it off good play by my sister
later Hey celebration time there we go
first of all the game how's my sister
they're celebrating even though it was
me that's for the goal
a few
we hope I might actually get the
achievement for playing winning the game
unprofessional if I can hold on oh good
play there oh no I don't know if you
guys have our play has ever done the
penalties on here I mean the corner
kicks unprofessional they're not easy to
say they're like beasts mmm there'd be
nothing there
yeah there is a British call to Mills
so you gotta start
oh I tried that slot I tried kicking it
would kick
oh you kidding me how's it witch
pay attention got a watch
step into the line repositories this
okay
you didn't game
no sir thank God
Hey
what border you guys probably not be a
good stop
mmm good kick the mark that hold on for
a minute 40 seconds then we get our
achievement here before we run a game on
professional not sure if it's Sol or not
let me go step something hurt oh you
kidding me
take it
mm Jack come on got hope if we hold this
on for one minute
they said you get our achievement here
kidding me this Foley's good but not
good you're not good enough
Oh thrown Oh hit off the crossbar you
kidding me one-nil going into 30 seconds
left
hey it's all on to it now
get paid
I'm just gonna hold on to it here let
the time run out yeah
oh hi Dwight oh my god
don't worry - no it's all great Tom the
chozo in the video at the end you can
see our special celebration here if not
we'll just show it to you on camera
so pretty much now full-time I'm not off
to check the achievement right to do it
I'm person read and he's in blue
that's awareness Oh Lotus Park champion
there we go yeah at ng achievement there
Danica and there we go watch her to free
another celebration here this is what we
look like right oh oh it didn't show
celebration Wow here we go show it to me
good no boom okay good yeah okay just
gonna point that down set up right there
get down on one knee remember right
there yeah yeah whoever scores we act
like we're shining Choshu pretty funny
there that's it don't know if you saw
that are you doing okay that's the end
of this video guys 18 for our next
videos